End of the month! End of the month!
Wan Yue! Wan Yue! Young Master Wan! We have all misunderstood!
It's all a misunderstanding! It's all a misunderstanding!
It's all a misunderstanding! It's all a misunderstanding! It's all a misunderstanding! It's all a misunderstanding! It's all a misunderstanding!
It's all a misunderstanding!
All misunderstood! All misunderstood!
All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood!
All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! All misunderstood! It rains well
Don't worry, something happened again